Clusters GA updates to the docs (#2642)
buildkite/docs: pages/agent/v3/tokens.md

# Agent tokens

A Buildkite agent requires an agent token to connect to Buildkite and register for work. Agent tokens connect to Buildkite via a [cluster](/docs/clusters/overview), and can be accessed from the cluster's _Agent Tokens_ page.

> If you are still managing agents in an unclustered environment, refer to [unclustered tokens](/docs/agent/v3/unclustered-tokens) instead.

Author: I'll lighten this up a tad. Thanks @meiqimichelle !

> If you are still managing agents in an unclustered environment, refer to [unclustered tokens](/docs/agent/v3/unclustered-tokens) instead.

Author: I removed the word 'still' :-)

It's recommended you use your platform's secret storage (such as the [AWS Systems Manager Parameter Store](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/systems-manager-paramstore.html)) to allow for easier rollover and management of your agent tokens.

## Create a token

New agent tokens can be created either using the [_Agent Tokens_ page of a cluster](#create-a-token-using-the-buildkite-interface), or via the [REST API's create agent token](#create-a-token-using-the-rest-api) feature.

> 📘 An agent token's value is only displayed once
> As soon as the agent token's value is displayed, copy its value and save it in a secure location.
> If you forget to do this, you'll need to create a new token to obtain its value.

It is possible to create multiple agent tokens (for your Default cluster or any other cluster in your Buildkite organization) using the processes described in this section.

### Using the Buildkite interface

To create an agent token for a cluster using the Buildkite interface:

1. Select _Agents_ to access the _Agent Clusters_ page.

> 1. Select the cluster containing the agent token to revoke.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the cluster you would like to create an agent token for.
```

Reviewer: @gilesgas I think you'll be able to come up with better words here - the main point is that I think 'revoke' snuck through when it should have been a 'create' in this section.

Author: Whoops! Copy-and-paste error 🤦

1. Select _Agent Tokens_ and on this page, select _New Token_.
1. In the _Description_ field, enter an appropriate description for the agent token.

>     **Note:** The token description should clearly identify the environment the token is intended to be used for (for example, `Read-only token for static site generator`), and is listed on the _Agent tokens_ page of your specific cluster the agent connects to. This page can be accessed by selecting _Agents_ > the specific cluster tile > _Agent Tokens_.

Reviewer: Is this why this is important? ie, does this wording change make this read more clearly (or did I misinterpret what you were hoping to get across?)

```suggestion
    **Note:** The token description should clearly identify the environment the token is intended to be used for (for example, `Read-only token for static site generator`), as it is listed on the _Agent tokens_ page of your specific cluster the agent connects to. This page can be accessed by selecting _Agents_ > the specific cluster tile > _Agent Tokens_.
```

Author: Great pick-up!

    * By running the [List organizations](/docs/apis/rest-api/organizations#list-organizations) REST API query to obtain this value from `slug` in the response. For example:

        ```curl
        curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" "https://api.buildkite.com/v2/organizations"
        ```

- The `{cluster.id}` value can be obtained:

    * From the _Cluster Settings_ page of your specific cluster that the agent will connect to. To do this:

        - Select _Agents_ > the specific cluster > _Settings_.
        - Once on the _Cluster Settings_ page, copy the `id` parameter value from the _GraphQL API Integration_ section, which is the `{cluster.id}` value.

    * By running the [List clusters](/docs/apis/rest-api/clusters#clusters-list-clusters) REST API query and obtain this value from the `id` in the response associated with the name of your cluster (specified by the `name` value in the response). For example:

        ```curl
        curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" "https://api.buildkite.com/v2/organizations/{org.slug}/clusters"
        ```

<!--alex ignore clearly-->

> - The `description` value clearly identifies the environment the token is intended to be used for (for example, `Read-only token for static site generator`), and is listed on the _Agent tokens_ page of your specific cluster the agent connects to. To access this page, select _Agents_ > the specific cluster > _Agent Tokens_.

Reviewer: Should this match the earlier one, as follows?

```suggestion
    **Note** The `description` value should clearly identifies the environment the token is intended to be used for (for example, `Read-only token for static site generator`), as it is listed on the _Agent tokens_ page of your specific cluster the agent connects to. To access this page, select _Agents_ > the specific cluster > _Agent Tokens_.
```

Author: This should probably be left as a bullet point in this case as it describes one of the options in a the `curl` command above it.
Thanks for pointing out the wording harmonisation with the description above for the steps described in the Buildkite interface equivalent for this process! I'll incorporate that for sure :-)

## Revoke a token

Agent tokens can be revoked using the [_Agent Tokens_ page of a cluster](#revoke-a-token-using-the-buildkite-interface), or via the [REST API's delete agent token](#revoke-a-token-using-the-rest-api) feature.

Once a token is revoked, no new agents will be able to start with that token. Revoking a token does not affect any connected agents.

### Using the Buildkite interface

To revoke a cluster's agent token using the Buildkite interface:

1. Select _Agents_ to access the _Agent Clusters_ page.
1. Select the cluster containing the agent token to revoke.
1. Select _Agent Tokens_ and on this page, expand the agent token to revoke.
1. Select _Revoke_ > _Revoke Token_ in the confirmation message.

### Using the REST API

> To [revoke (that is, delete) an agent token](/docs/apis/rest-api/clusters#agent-tokens-delete-a-token) using the [REST API](/docs/apis/rest-api), run the following example `curl` command:

Reviewer: This is the only place where `(that is, delete`) is added as explanation. Suggest removing here, or considering where else to have this hint (should it be higher up on the page as well?)

Author: Yeah, I was feeling the same way about this too. I decided to change this to just `(delete)` because the linked docs for the API call is titled 'delete a token' (and the API call uses the 'delete' method). However, on 2nd thoughts, I'm thinking I should change the title of this API call section of the docs to 'revoke a token' too. Let me double-check on Monday.

Author: I'm changing 'delete a token' to 'revoke a token'.

```curl
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" \
  -X DELETE "https://api.buildkite.com/v2/organizations/{org.slug}/clusters/{cluster.id}/tokens/{id}"
```

where:

- The `$TOKEN`, `{org.slug}` and `{cluster.id}` values are obtained the same way as those when [creating an agent token using the REST API](#create-a-token-using-the-rest-api).

- The `{id}` value can be obtained:

    * From the Buildkite URL path when editing the agent token. To do this:

        - Select _Agents_ > the specific cluster > _Agent Tokens_ > expand the agent token > _Edit_.
        - Copy the ID value between `/tokens/` and `/edit` in the URL.

    * By running the [List tokens](/docs/apis/rest-api/clusters#agent-tokens-list-tokens) REST API query and obtain this value from the `id` in the response associated with the description of your token (specified by the `description` value in the response). For example:

        ```curl
        curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" "https://api.buildkite.com/v2/organizations/{org.slug}/clusters/{cluster.id}/tokens"
        ```

> ## Scope of access

Reviewer: When I got to this point in the page, my first thought was that this section and everything below it would be better grouped with 'using and storing' above, and that the very specific instructions for creating and revoking could go below. Then, I reconsidered, because when you're setting up tokens/agents for the first time, the order that you've provided here is probably more practical.

So, at this point, I don't think you should re-order it, but I wanted to share my kinda -- speed-bump thought that happened when I got here, just in case it contributes to your thinking.

Author: Yeah, that's a great point. I was thinking that too—placing the 'using and storing' section between the 'create' and 'revoke' sections. However, based on the content of this section, and the fact that one does get an initial agent token upon creating a new org, I think for the time being it makes sense keeping this section near the top.
